1	As a kid, did you ever do something wrong but manage to pin it on your siblings?
2	Do you have any crazy roommate stories?
3	Everyone has those recurring bad dreams … what is your nightmare?
4	Have you ever gotten super lost? What happened?
5	Have you ever lied about an interest/talent to impress someone? What happened next?
6	If all your clothes had to be one color forever, what color would you pick?
7	If you could be one superhero, which superhero would you be?
8	If you could create one holiday, what would you create?
9	If you could eliminate one food so that no one would eat it ever again, what would you pick to destroy?
10	If you could have any celebrity be your best friend, which celebrity would you pick?
11	If you could live any historical figure’s life, which one would you choose?
12	If you could only eat at one restaurant forever, what restaurant would it be?
13	If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, which song would you pick?
14	If you could only wear one type of shoes for the rest of your life, what type of shoes would it be?
15	If you could pick a TV show to be your life, what show would it be?
16	If you could pick one job to do forever (and be guaranteed all the money you need), what job would it be?
17	If you could pick three famous people to be a part of your entourage, who would you pick?
18	If you could pick your nickname, what would people call you?
19	If you could switch places with anyone in your family for a day, who would it be?
20	If you could turn the ocean into a liquid other than water, which one would you pick?
21	If you created your own country, what would it be called?
22	If you had a boat, what would you name it?
23	If you had lots of money, what unnecessary thing would you splurge on (i.e. a private plane, concert tickets)?
24	If you had to be an animal, which animal would you be?
25	If you had to be Siamese twins with one person, which person would you pick to be stuck with?
26	If you had to endorse a brand, which brand would it be?
27	If you had to use a fake name, what fake name would you make up?
28	If you had to wear a hat every day for the rest of your life, what type of hat would it be?
29	If you were a type of jeans, what type would you be?
30	If you were a vegetable, what would you be?
31	If you were an Olympic athlete, what sport would you compete in?
32	If you were famous, what would you be famous for?
33	If you were the president, what would you change about the decorations in the White House?
34	If you were trying out for a singing reality show, what song would you sing?
35	If you wrote a book, what would it be called?
36	If your best friend picked a tattoo for you to get, what would he/she pick?
37	Last and possibly least … The corniest icebreaker question ever: How much does a polar bear weigh? (Just enough to break the ice!)
38	What afterschool activity did you quit as a kid, and why?
39	What are two truths and a lie about you?
40	What are your favorite songs from your teenage years that you still rock out to when nobody else is listening?
41	What band would you be embarrassed to admit you listen to?
42	What blog or website are you embarrassed to admit you love?
43	What commercial jingle gets stuck in your head all the time?
44	What completely safe animal are you inexplicably afraid of?
45	What dance move are you secretly awesome at?
46	What did you get into the most trouble for with your parents as a kid?
47	What did you name your first car?
48	What Disney/cartoon character were you inexplicably afraid of as a kid?
49	What do you never leave the house without (can’t be your phone, keys or wallet)?
50	What do you pretend to hate but actually love?
51	What food could you not live without?
52	What game show would you be super awesome at?
53	What interesting skill do you want to learn?
54	What invention do you think will be popular in 20 years?
55	What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten for breakfast that is not a breakfast food?
56	What is your favorite smell and why?
57	What is your real favorite movie, and what movie do you pretend is your favorite to sound cultured?
58	What part of elementary school do you wish you could incorporate into your adult life? (i.e. naptime)
59	What show on Netflix did you binge watch embarrassingly fast?
60	What sport did you try as a child and fail at?
61	What totally rad expression did you overuse in high school?
62	What was the first concert you ever went to?
63	What was your favorite Halloween costume you wore as a child?
64	What was your favorite item of clothing as a kid?
65	What was your first job? What did you like/dislike about it?
66	What was your first record, tape or CD that you ever owned?
67	What were words you couldn’t pronounce as a child, so you made up your own?
68	What’s a funny (appropriate) pick-up line that works for you?
69	What’s a nickname people actually call you?
70	What’s a weird fact you happen to know?
71	What’s something about you that people would be surprised to know?
72	What’s the best knock-knock joke you know?
73	What’s the best prank you’ve ever played on someone?
74	What’s the craziest dare you ever took?
75	What’s the craziest fashion trend you ever rocked?
76	What’s the craziest thing on your bucket list?
77	What’s the funniest animal you’ve ever owned as a pet?
78	What’s the funniest thing that ever happened on your family vacation?
79	What’s the grossest food you ever had to eat to be polite?
80	What’s the most random thing in your purse/wallet?
81	What’s the most ridiculous thing your parents ever did to embarrass you?
82	What’s the story of your first crush?
83	What’s the strangest family tradition in your family?
84	What’s the worst haircut you ever had?
85	What’s the worst job you’ve ever had?
86	What’s the worst thing you ever did as a kid — and got away with?
87	What’s your best idea for a reality TV show?
88	What’s your favorite part of a county fair?
89	What’s your funniest talent? Or un-talent?
90	What’s your most embarrassing moment from your teen years?
91	What’s your real favorite book, and what book do you pretend is your favorite to sound smart?
92	What’s your silliest memory with your best friend?
93	What’s your strangest talent?
94	Which celebrity do you shamelessly follow in the news?
95	Which celebrity would you pick to exchange lives with?
96	Which Disney character’s story does your life most resemble?
97	Who is your celebrity look-alike?
98	Who is your craziest/most interesting relative?
99	Who was the worst grade-school teacher you ever had?
100	Who was your childhood actor/actress crush?
